Following you on my family's property, I'd call it surveillance.
Come, thank you.
See, Ryan, I told you.
Ryan, this is a lie, Ryan.
I wasn't even there.
The photo is fake.
Say I generated.
You're setting me up just because you have a thing for her.
I'll stand by every word.
Get the photos that analyze if you don't believe me.
Enough!
I will not have your type of behavior on my grounds.
Handle this or your family rules will.
Ryan, do the right thing for woods.
Mrs. Abbott, I am so sorry for this mess.
But this is between my sister and I, and I will handle it.
Vivian will apologize later, properly.
Go, Ryan!
Go!
Ryan, you're breaking her heart again.
I will make this right.
I promise.